This plan outlines the development of Terminal Flow, a logic-driven logistics idler designed for "vibe coding" (LLM-assisted development) using a minimalist, UI-based terminal aesthetic.

1. Technical Specification
Tech Stack (Vibe Coding Optimized)
Framework: React (Next.js) or Vue 3. High compatibility with LLMs for component generation.

Styling: Tailwind CSS. Allows for rapid "Terminal" styling (neon glows, scan lines) without custom CSS files.

State Management: Zustand (lightweight) or Redux Toolkit. Critical for handling complex data flows across nodes.

Animations: Framer Motion. Ideal for "glitch" effects and smooth data pulses.

Persistence: LocalStorage or IndexedDB (for mobile browser/PWA) for idle progression.

Core Data Models
JSON
{
  "node": {
    "id": "string",
    "status": "online | offline | critical",
    "throughput": "number (packets/sec)",
    "heat": "number (0-100)",
    "efficiency": "number (0.0-1.0)",
    "upgrades": ["id1", "id2"]
  },
  "contract": {
    "id": "string",
    "targetVolume": "number",
    "currentVolume": "number",
    "deadline": "timestamp",
    "reward": "number",
    "penalty": "number"
  }
}
2. The Gameplay Loop
The "Pulse" (Tick Rate: 1s)
Generation: Every active Link generates "Packets" based on current Node throughput.

Heat Calculation: ΔH=(T×K)−C, where T is throughput, K is a constant, and C is cooling capacity.

Revenue: Packets processed × current Market Value = Credits.

High-Stakes Mechanics
SLA Failure: If currentVolume < targetVolume at deadline, credits = credits - penalty.

Node Meltdown: If heat > 100, Node goes offline for 60 seconds. Idle revenue stops.

3. Implementation Phases
Phase 1: The Minimum Viable Product (MVP)
Objective: Create a single-node terminal that generates revenue and heat.

Core UI: A dark screen with a central glowing circle (The Node) and a ticker showing incoming data.

Active Element: A "Manual Cool" button that reduces heat on click.

Progression: Buying "Node Upgrades" to increase capacity.

Phase 2: System Complexity
Objective: Introduce "The Weight."

Multi-Node View: A list or simple 2D map of 3 nodes.

The Contract System: Randomly generated SLAs that pop up as "Incoming Calls."

Resource Scarcity: A global "Power Limit" that prevents all nodes from running at 100% simultaneously.

Phase 3: The Automation Layer (The "Shiny" progression)
Objective: Shift player role from "Operator" to "Architect."

Logic Gate Unlocks: Add a "Scripting" tab where players can toggle logic like:

Auto-SLA: Priority routing to the node with the closest deadline.

Heat-Sync: Automatically throttle Node A if Node B exceeds 80% heat.

Visual Evolution: Transition from text-based lists to a vector-style "Global Map."

Phase 4: Prestige & Scaling
Objective: Long-term retention.

The "System Reset": Ability to "Archive" the network for "Quantum Insights."

Meta-Upgrades: Spending insights on permanent logic modules (e.g., "AI Cooling Core" that never fails).

4. "Vibe Coding" Development Prompts
To build this using an LLM, use these specific instructional blocks:

Prompt 1 (Visuals): "Generate a React component using Tailwind CSS that looks like a 1980s computer terminal. It should have a scan-line overlay effect, use a monospaced green font, and feature a central dashboard with three glowing health bars representing 'Throughput', 'Heat', and 'Stability'."

Prompt 2 (Logic): "Write a custom React hook useLogisticsEngine that handles a game tick every 1000ms. It must calculate packet flow between nodes, increase heat based on volume, and check if any active contracts (SLAs) have expired or been fulfilled."

Prompt 3 (Stress): "Create a 'Glitch' animation using Framer Motion. When a variable systemStability falls below 20, the entire UI should jitter, colors should occasionally invert, and text should briefly swap to random characters to simulate system failure."

5. Success Metrics for "Challenge"
The game is balanced correctly if:

Cognitive Load: The player cannot manage 5+ nodes manually without utilizing the "Automation Logic."

Risk/Reward: The "Express Contract" reward is high enough to tempt the player into "Overclocking" a node to the point of a 50% failure risk.

Idle Satisfaction: Coming back after 4 hours shows that your logic/scripts successfully handled a market crash while you were away.

Would you like the first "Vibe Coding" prompt for the Node Dashboard component to get started?